Our Products

Gas Patio Heaters
Our range of gas patio heaters includes mushroom and pyramid styles that are perfect for outdoor gatherings. Our heaters are built with high-quality materials and are designed to provide efficient and long-lasting heat.

Indoor Gas/Electric Heaters
We offer a range of indoor heaters that are both gas and electric-powered. Our heaters are energy-efficient and provide reliable and consistent heat, making them perfect for both residential and commercial use.

Ampia Gas Burners and Lanterns
Ampia Gas Burner is a revolutionary High Quality Gas Burner made to the BS EN 30-1-1: 2008+ A1:2010 Standard.It is Strong & Sturdy with a gas control that gives constant steady flame such that even on low the flame stays constant and does not increase by itself nor go off. Our gas lanterns are perfect for camping trips and outdoor lighting for events and indoors. They are compact, easy to use, and provide reliable bright light.

Ampia Gas Regulators
We offer a range of high quality Ampia gas regulators that are designed for both domestic and commercial use. Our regulators are equipped with a childlock safety feature and our Ampia gas gauge regulators are made with a meter to show gas use level for convenience and planning.We also sell six kg gas regulators and 50 kg high quality Ampia Gas high pressure regulator.

Solar Pump System
Our solar pump system is a cost-effective and eco-friendly solution for pumping water. It is perfect for irrigation and other agricultural applications.

Chicken Brooder
Our chicken brooder is an easy-to-use solution for poultry farmers. It is a cheaper ,effective and safer option of chicken raising because it uses gas. It provides a warm and safe environment for chicks ensuring they grow healthy and strong

Ampia Automatic Gas Lighter
This is an innovative tool that uses Piezoelectric Electric Gas cooker Automatic Lighter Technology.Very convenient, clean and easy to use.No flame but spark means safety in your kitchen while saving you money and the environment. Say no to wasteful dirty match sticks say yes to future Technology Today.
